[IMP] voip: update axivox doc for odoo phone rebrand (#16276)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/voip/axivox/axivox_config.rst

.. |VOIP| replace:: :abbr:`VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)`

======================
Odoo Phone with Axivox
======================

> `Axivox <https://www.axivox.com/>`__ is a VoIP provider that can be set up to work with *Odoo Phone*.

Reviewer: Double check line length (over 100 characters)

An Axivox account is required to use this service.

To use this service, `contact Axivox <https://www.axivox.com/en/contact>`_ to open an account.
Before doing so, verify that Axivox covers the company's area, along with the areas the company's
users wish to call.

.. important::
   Before setting up an account with Axivox, verify the following requirements:

   - The business phone numbers are portable to Axivox. Some providers may be unable to release the
     phone number due to local or regional guidelines.
   - The locations of the company and its call recipients are covered by Axivox services. Axivox
     services are based in Europe, so international call performance may vary.

Configuration
=============

> To configure Axivox services in the Odoo database, first :ref:`install <general/install>` the *Phone

Reviewer: Same question as with OnSip, do they need to manually install the Axivox module, or does it install when Phone is installed and they activate Axivox?

Before doing so, verify that Axivox covers the company's area, along with the areas the company's
users wish to call.

.. important::
   Before setting up an account with Axivox, verify the following requirements:

   - The business phone numbers are portable to Axivox. Some providers may be unable to release the
     phone number due to local or regional guidelines.
   - The locations of the company and its call recipients are covered by Axivox services. Axivox
     services are based in Europe, so international call performance may vary.

Configuration
=============

To configure Axivox services in the Odoo database, first :ref:`install <general/install>` the
*Phone* app.

.. _productivity/voip/view-axivox-credentials:

View credentials in Axivox
--------------------------

To view the necessary Axivox credentials, navigate to `manage.axivox.com
<https://manage.axivox.com/>`_ and log in, then go to :menuselection:`Users --> Edit`. Click the
**SIP Identifiers** tab to see the domain, SIP username, and SIP password.

.. image:: axivox_config/manager-sip.png
   :alt: SIP credentials in the Axivox manager.

Add Axivox credentials
----------------------

> After installing the *Phone - Axivox* module, go to the :menuselection:`Phone app --> Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After :ref:`instaling <general/install>` the *Phone - Axivox* module, go to the :menuselection:`Phone app --> Configuration
```

--> Providers`. Locate the *Axivox* provider entry, and enter the following information:

- :guilabel:`OnSIP Domain`: the domain that was assigned when creating an account on `Axivox
  <https://manage.axivox.com/>`__. Replace `YOURACCOUNT` with the company account name.
- :guilabel:`VoIP Environment`: select :guilabel:`Production`.

.. image:: axivox_config/axivox-provider-config.png
   :alt: Axivox configuration settings in the *Odoo Phone* app.

Add user credentials
--------------------

Next, each user's Axivox credentials must be configured in Odoo. Navigate to
:menuselection:`Settings app --> Users & Companies --> Users` select the user, and click the

> **VoIP** tab.

Reviewer 2: if we're having the user interact with a ui element, it should be guilabel. Though, I've seen writers denote tabs and window names with italics, so you have two choices for formatting VoIP here (: 

1. change it from bold to guilabel 
2. rewrite the wording from "click the **VoiP** tab" to something more passive, like "in the *VoIP* tab:" and use italics
